# Question 3

In other practice problems, we have looked at how the scope of variables affects the modification of one "layer" when they are passed to another.

To drive home the salient aspects of variable scope and modification of one scope by another, consider the following similar sets of code.

What will be printed by each of these code groups?

A)

```Ruby
def mess_with_vars(one, two, three)
  one = two
  two = three
  three = one
end

one = "one"
two = "two"
three = "three"

mess_with_vars(one, two, three)

puts "one is: #{one}"
puts "two is: #{two}"
puts "three is: #{three}"
```

Solution:
```Ruby
"one is: one"
"two is: two"
"three is: three"
```
the variable assigments in the `method mess_with_vars` will not affect the values of the variables outside the method since the method's parameters are simply reassigned values using the `=` operator.  No modification of the original String objects occurs with this reassignment.  Whatever reassignment that may occur inside the method, there will be no impact on any variables outside the method regardless of the parameter's name.  


B)
```Ruby
def mess_with_vars(one, two, three)
  one = "two"
  two = "three"
  three = "one"
end

one = "one"
two = "two"
three = "three"

mess_with_vars(one, two, three)

puts "one is: #{one}"
puts "two is: #{two}"
puts "three is: #{three}"
```

Solution:
```Ruby
"one is: one"
"two is: two"
"three is: three"
```
Again, the variable assigments in the `method mess_with_vars` will not affect the values of the variables outside the method since the method's parameters are simply reassigned values using the `=` operator.  No modification of the original String objects occurs with this reassignment.  Whatever reassignment that may occur inside the method, there will be no impact on any variables outside the method regardless of the parameter's name. 


C)
```Ruby
def mess_with_vars(one, two, three)
  one.gsub!("one","two")
  two.gsub!("two","three")
  three.gsub!("three","one")
end

one = "one"
two = "two"
three = "three"

mess_with_vars(one, two, three)

puts "one is: #{one}"
puts "two is: #{two}"
puts "three is: #{three}"
```
Solution:
```Ruby
"one is: two"
"two is: three"
"three is: one"
```
In this example, the values of the String objects to which the variables `one` `two` and `three` point are changed by running the `mess_with_vars` method.  The reason is because the `String#gsub!` method within the `mess_with_vars` method modifies the original objects to which these values outside the method refer giving a new string value (but same object_id).
